bundle/syntastic/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# CONTRIBUTING
- - -
1\. [Bug reports / GitHub issues](#bugreps)  
2\. [Submitting a patch](#patches)  
3\. [General style notes](#generalstyle)  
4\. [Syntax checker notes](#checkerstyle)  
- - -

<a name="bugreps"></a>

## 1. Bug reports / GitHub issues

Please note that the preferred channel for posting bug reports is the
[issue tracker at GitHub][0].  Reports posted elsewhere are less likely
to be seen by the core team.

When reporting a bug make sure you search the existing GitHub issues
for the same/similar issues.  If you find one, feel free to add a `+1`
comment with any additional information that may help us solve the
issue.

When creating a new issue be sure to state the following:

* steps to reproduce the bug;
* the version of Vim you are using (run `:ver` to find out);
* the version of syntastic you are using (see `:SyntasticInfo`).

For syntax checker bugs also state the version of the checker executable
that you are using.  Adding debugging information is typically useful
too:

* open a file handled by your checker;
* set `g:syntastic_debug` to 1 or 3;
* run the checker;
* copy the output of `:mes`.

<a name="patches"></a>

## 2. Submitting a patch

Before you consider adding features to syntastic, _please_ spend a few
minutes (re-)reading the latest version of the [manual][1].  Syntastic
is changing rapidly at times, and it's quite possible that some features
you want to add exist already.

To submit a patch:

* fork the [repo][2] on GitHub;
* make a [topic branch][3] and start hacking;
* submit a pull request based off your topic branch.

Small, focused patches are preferred.

Large changes to the code should be discussed with the core team first.
Create an issue and explain your plan and see what we say.

Also, make sure to update the manual whenever applicable.  Nobody can use
features that aren't documented.

<a name="generalstyle"></a>

## 3. General style notes

Follow the coding conventions/styles used in the syntastic core:

* use 4 space indents;
* don't use abbreviated keywords - e.g. use `endfunction`, not `endfun`
(there's always room for more fun!);
* don't use `l:` prefixes for variables unless actually required (i.e.
almost never);
* code for maintainability; we would rather a function be a couple of
lines longer and have (for example) some [explaining variables][4] to
aid readability.

<a name="checkerstyle"></a>

## 4. Syntax checker notes

Make sure to read the [guide][5] if you plan to add new syntax checkers.

Use the existing checkers as templates, rather than writing everything
from scratch.

The preferred style for error format strings is one "clause" per line.
E.g. (from the `coffee` checker):

```vim
let errorformat =
    \ '%E%f:%l:%c: %trror: %m,' .
    \ 'Syntax%trror: In %f\, %m on line %l,' .
    \ '%EError: In %f\, Parse error on line %l: %m,' .
    \ '%EError: In %f\, %m on line %l,' .
    \ '%W%f(%l): lint warning: %m,' .
    \ '%W%f(%l): warning: %m,' .
    \ '%E%f(%l): SyntaxError: %m,' .
    \ '%-Z%p^,' .
    \ '%-G%.%#'
```

[0]: https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/issues
[1]: https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/blob/master/doc/syntastic.txt
[2]: https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic
[3]: https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec/wiki/Topic-Branches#using-topic-branches-when-contributing-patches
[4]: http://www.refactoring.com/catalog/extractVariable.html
[5]: https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/wiki/Syntax-Checker-Guide

Commit message:

Squashed 'vimfiles/' changes from 83fd606..d4310b1
d4310b1 Merge commit '7e4955ff3d4035c403c5ccf7f5fc0e3b1afb84a7' as 'bundle/vcscommand.vim'
7e4955f Squashed 'bundle/vcscommand.vim/' content from commit 2fb3268
e819c64 migrate vcscommand to github version.
1872d01 Merge commit '4066a660d9f55aa18477d05426a7a13bfc3b433c'
4066a66 Squashed 'bundle/ack.vim/' changes from 0a7d28b..eede042
f9b2972 Merge commit '902c3a4dfb3334098adc96941c5f5a6ca57bb5fe'
902c3a4 Squashed 'bundle/vim-pathogen/' changes from 91e6378..7ba2e1b
a5bcdf6 Merge commit 'a4f0ebd05d017cdc15b6c1188fcb9f70117ad651'
a4f0ebd Squashed 'bundle/vim-surround/' changes from 2d05440..e49d6c2
19dde1d Merge commit 'e4dad8455f7912555686e88e5c2776b7d862a87e'
e4dad84 Squashed 'bundle/tagbar/' changes from 7b36c46..b6298c0
dc1683a Merge commit '1ddc4d4a7faf8ec8306dc18a33a7cee3af57c914'
1ddc4d4 Squashed 'bundle/syntastic/' changes from cd40fe9..6ffba73
8b0d7a9 Merge commit '5723cf43bdb06c1e4fe970af797aaf3eccaf4198' as 'bundle/ctrlp.vim'
5723cf4 Squashed 'bundle/ctrlp.vim/' content from commit 564176f
48efe08 Merge commit 'bf7c43b6d673002bd156ffd02276479f69402e3e' as 'bundle/neocomplete.vim'
bf7c43b Squashed 'bundle/neocomplete.vim/' content from commit 77ec549
fa889f6 add neocomplete.vim and ctrlp.vim

git-subtree-dir: vimfiles
git-subtree-split: d4310b1cacf9ccbced3fdf896ca25906a65b1c6f

bundle/syntastic/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# CONTRIBUTING
- - -
1\. [Bug reports / GitHub issues](#bugreps)  
2\. [Submitting a patch](#patches)  
3\. [General style notes](#generalstyle)  
4\. [Syntax checker notes](#checkerstyle)  
- - -

<a name="bugreps"></a>

## 1. Bug reports / GitHub issues

Please note that the preferred channel for posting bug reports is the
[issue tracker at GitHub][bug_tracker]. Reports posted elsewhere are less likely
to be seen by the core team.

When reporting a bug make sure you search the existing GitHub issues
for the same/similar issues. If you find one, feel free to add a `+1`
comment with any additional information that may help us solve the
issue.

When creating a new issue be sure to state the following:

* steps to reproduce the bug;
* the version of Vim you are using (run `:ver` to find out);
* the version of syntastic you are using (see `:SyntasticInfo`).

For syntax checker bugs also state the version of the checker executable
that you are using. Adding debugging information is typically useful
too:

* open a file handled by your checker;
* set `g:syntastic_debug` to 1 or 3;
* run the checker;
* copy the output of `:mes`.

<a name="patches"></a>

## 2. Submitting a patch

Before you consider adding features to syntastic, _please_ spend a few minutes
(re-)reading the latest version of the [manual][manual]. Syntastic is changing
rapidly at times, and it's possible that some features you want to add exist
already.

To submit a patch:

* fork the [repo][github] on GitHub;
* make a [topic branch][branches] and start hacking;
* submit a pull request based off your topic branch.

Small, focused patches are preferred.

Large changes to the code should be discussed with the core team first.
Create an issue and explain your plan and see what we say.

Also, make sure to update the manual whenever applicable. Nobody can use
features that aren't documented.

<a name="generalstyle"></a>

## 3. General style notes

Follow the coding conventions/styles used in the syntastic core:

* use 4 space indents;
* don't use abbreviated keywords - e.g. use `endfunction`, not `endfun`
(there's always room for more fun!);
* don't use `l:` prefixes for variables unless actually required (i.e.
almost never);
* code for maintainability; we would rather a function be a couple of
lines longer and have (for example) some [explaining variables][variables] to
aid readability.

<a name="checkerstyle"></a>

## 4. Syntax checker notes

Make sure to read the [guide][guide] if you plan to add new syntax checkers.

Use the existing checkers as templates, rather than writing everything
from scratch.

The preferred style for error format strings is one "clause" per line.
E.g. (from the `coffee` checker):

```vim
let errorformat =
    \ '%E%f:%l:%c: %trror: %m,' .
    \ 'Syntax%trror: In %f\, %m on line %l,' .
    \ '%EError: In %f\, Parse error on line %l: %m,' .
    \ '%EError: In %f\, %m on line %l,' .
    \ '%W%f(%l): lint warning: %m,' .
    \ '%W%f(%l): warning: %m,' .
    \ '%E%f(%l): SyntaxError: %m,' .
    \ '%-Z%p^,' .
    \ '%-G%.%#'
```

[bug_tracker]:      https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/issues
[manual]:           https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/blob/master/doc/syntastic.txt
[github]:           https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic
[branches]:         https://github.com/dchelimsky/rspec/wiki/Topic-Branches#using-topic-branches-when-contributing-patches
[variables]:        http://www.refactoring.com/catalog/extractVariable.html
[guide]:            https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic/wiki/Syntax-Checker-Guide
